README.md, before:

# Guided Tours Fishing in Kenmare Bay- Interactive Frontend Development Project

"Give a man a fish and he will have food for a day, teach a man to fish and he will have food for the rest of his life"
-Unknown
This project was created with customer needs on mind and as well to promote product. The product here is providing service to potential clients of guided tours in Kenmare Bay. I have created this fictional company webpage with a focus on user experience. For ease of passing information to user, I have applied number of technologies. Starting with a hero image of a tranquil fishing spot with calm waters, to using Kerry coloring scheme throughout website user will find it very intuitive to search and stay, collecting interesting pieces of data, guidelines, visual and dinamic interaction with this product. 
## Project Background
This peoject includes several API's like Google Maps, Open Weather, EmailJS. Although there is aboundant offer of other APIs
I decided on these because they fall in well with the narative of the website and its purpose. I was guided with approach of "less is more" and focused on ease of use rather than complexity of offer to a user. This project is far from finished and I think it could benefit from updates later.
## Demo  
![Am I Responsive](/assets/images/testing.png)
A live demo can be found [here](https://alchemist2016.github.io/Guided-Fishing-Tours-Kenmare-Bay/).
## UX  
### User stories
As a user I would like to be able to easily retrieve informations that are of use to me. Being engaged by the website and exploring its contents that would keep me entertained and relevant to my needs. So as a fishing enthusiast that is travelling to Kenmare Town for a fishing trip I would like to see how it would look like and I would like a professional first impressions.
Within this project I wanted to provide clarity of purpose, natural flow of structure, and easy access to 
further informations as well interactivity between user and the website and its informations. 
Here as a user I have links to parts of the website I could jump to:
![Landing Page](/assets/images/landing_page.png)
On this page I can read about the proposed tours and some information about the company.
![About Us](/assets/images/about_us.png)
### Strategy
My goal was appealing website which provides easy as possible access to information and keeping it minimalist 
and user-friendly. Also I wanted to give a user visual orientation and information related to structure of the site.
### Scope
Allowing targeted user to get all the necessary information with the option to contact fictional company if they choose.
### Structure
In the footer I haved included links to YouTube profile, Facebook profile and Instagram.
They all link to a new page opening thus keeping the integrity of original website and ease of use.
### Skeleton
1.[Home wireframe](/assets/wireframes/20200204_095422.jpg)  
2.[About Me wireframe](/assets/wireframes/20200204_095458.jpg)  
3.[Contact wireframe](/assets/wireframes/20200204_095515.jpg)  

## Technologies  
1.HTML 
2.CSS3 
3.Bootstrap(4.4.1) 
4.JavaScript 
5.JQuery 
6.EmailJS API 
7.Google Maps API 
8.OpenWeather API 
## Features  
The nav-bar and footer are used from Bootstrap with extra JavaScript for a toggle button in nav-bar. I have included back to top button also.
### Features left to implement
I would love to add more functionality regarding Google Maps API, Weather widget, better control and verification of correct use of contact us form.
## Testing  
Testing was performed on all sizes of screens and devices. Also I have performed testing on several desktop browsers like Chrome, FireFox successfully. All links in navbar are tested. 
Contact form is made in such a way that if you miss out or put invalid data in e-mail area you will be shown an error noting that you need to fill correct details. I have made a text area for Tours compulsory too.
All links will open in new tab using 'target="_blank"'. All links have been manually tested to ensure that they are pointing to the correct destination.
During the test phase I realised that some of the text rendered on pages was different color in Microsoft Edge. That is something I need to look into in the future.
All of the code was put through a validator.
## Deployment  
This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. Updates are automatic with new commits. In order to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page must be named index.html.
## Credits 
Credits to CodeInstitute for teaching me to do this cool stuff.
### Content
All content in fishing spots markers is taken from https://www.sea-angling-ireland.org/shore%20-%20kerry%20-%20ring.htm
also Google Maps API, OpenWeather API.
### Media
Some photos are taken from Unsplash.com, Fotolea.com, Adventure Holidays.com, WallpaperFlare  free image library. 
## Acknowledgements  
I have used some generic code from Bootstrap 4 website and then significantly modified to fit the wireframes and original ideas.
I have used Google Maps API documentation and tutorials in order to create Google Map.
I have used OpenWeather documentation and tutorials in ordet to create dynamic weather widget on my web-site.
I have used media querie from Stack Overflow tutorial [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/media-queries). 
## Features  
The nav-bar and footer are used from Bootstrap with extra JavaScript for a toggle button in nav-bar. I have included back to top button also.
### Features left to implement
I would love to add more functionality regarding Google Maps API, Weather widget, better control and verification of correct use of contact us form.
## Deployment  
This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. Updates are automatic with new commits. In order to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page must be named index.html.
## Credits 
Credits to CodeInstitute for teaching me to do this cool stuff.
### Content
All content in fishing spots markers is taken from https://www.sea-angling-ireland.org/shore%20-%20kerry%20-%20ring.htm
also Google Maps API, OpenWeather API.
### Media
Some photos are taken from Unsplash.com, Fotolea.com, Adventureholidays.com, WallpaperFlare.com  free image library.

Commit message:

finished uploading images and text to User Story part of ReadMe file

README.md, after:

# Guided Tours Fishing in Kenmare Bay- Interactive Frontend Development Project

"Give a man a fish and he will have food for a day, teach a man to fish and he will have food for the rest of his life"
-Unknown
This project was created with customer needs on mind and as well to promote product. The product here is providing service to potential clients of guided tours in Kenmare Bay. I have created this fictional company webpage with a focus on user experience. For ease of passing information to user, I have applied number of technologies. Starting with a hero image of a tranquil fishing spot with calm waters, to using Kerry coloring scheme throughout website user will find it very intuitive to search and stay, collecting interesting pieces of data, guidelines, visual and dinamic interaction with this product. 
## Project Background
This peoject includes several API's like Google Maps, Open Weather, EmailJS. Although there is aboundant offer of other APIs
I decided on these because they fall in well with the narative of the website and its purpose. I was guided with approach of "less is more" and focused on ease of use rather than complexity of offer to a user. This project is far from finished and I think it could benefit from updates later.
## Demo  
![Am I Responsive](/assets/images/testing.png)
A live demo can be found [here](https://alchemist2016.github.io/Guided-Fishing-Tours-Kenmare-Bay/).
## UX  
### User stories
As a user I would like to be able to easily retrieve informations that are of use to me. Being engaged by the website and exploring its contents that would keep me entertained and relevant to my needs. So as a fishing enthusiast that is travelling to Kenmare Town for a fishing trip I would like to see how it would look like and I would like a professional first impressions.
Within this project I wanted to provide clarity of purpose, natural flow of structure, and easy access to 
further informations as well interactivity between user and the website and its informations. 

Here as a user I have links to parts of the website I could jump to:
![Landing Page](/assets/images/landing_page.png)
On this page I can read about the proposed tours and some information about the company.
![About Us](/assets/images/about_us.png)
This is a busy page where I can as a user find a lot of information. The Search Bar above Google Map can retrive me any place to stay or I can find out about proposed fishing markers on the map which when cliked will open a pop up window with more details about that perticular spot. 
As always before you go fishing you want to know what kind of weather you can expect in that area with wind strength as one of the most important informations. For that I can quickly glance at the weather app which offers default info for Kenmare Town but I can also use Search Box which will dinamically retrieve info about any city in APIs database.
![Fishing Spots](/assets/images/fishing_spots.png)
Here on a Contact page I can enquire about fishing trip. All fields are marked as required and will accept appropriate values.
![Contact Us](/assets/images/contact_us.png)
### Strategy
My goal was appealing website which provides easy as possible access to information and keeping it minimalist 
and user-friendly. Also I wanted to give a user visual orientation and information related to structure of the site.
### Scope
Allowing targeted user to get all the necessary information with the option to contact fictional company if they choose.
### Structure
In the footer I haved included links to YouTube profile, Facebook profile and Instagram.
They all link to a new page opening thus keeping the integrity of original website and ease of use.
### Skeleton
1.[Home wireframe](/assets/wireframes/20200204_095422.jpg)  
2.[About Me wireframe](/assets/wireframes/20200204_095458.jpg)  
3.[Contact wireframe](/assets/wireframes/20200204_095515.jpg)  

## Technologies  
1.HTML 
2.CSS3 
3.Bootstrap(4.4.1) 
4.JavaScript 
5.JQuery 
6.EmailJS API 
7.Google Maps API 
8.OpenWeather API 
## Features  
The nav-bar and footer are used from Bootstrap with extra JavaScript for a toggle button in nav-bar. I have included back to top button also.
### Features left to implement
I would love to add more functionality regarding Google Maps API, Weather widget, better control and verification of correct use of contact us form.
## Testing  
Testing was performed on all sizes of screens and devices. Also I have performed testing on several desktop browsers like Chrome, FireFox successfully. All links in navbar are tested. 
Contact form is made in such a way that if you miss out or put invalid data in e-mail area you will be shown an error noting that you need to fill correct details. I have made a text area for Tours compulsory too.
All links will open in new tab using 'target="_blank"'. All links have been manually tested to ensure that they are pointing to the correct destination.
During the test phase I realised that some of the text rendered on pages was different color in Microsoft Edge. That is something I need to look into in the future.
All of the code was put through a validator.
## Deployment  
This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. Updates are automatic with new commits. In order to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page must be named index.html.
## Credits 
Credits to CodeInstitute for teaching me to do this cool stuff.
### Content
All content in fishing spots markers is taken from https://www.sea-angling-ireland.org/shore%20-%20kerry%20-%20ring.htm
also Google Maps API, OpenWeather API.
### Media
Some photos are taken from Unsplash.com, Fotolea.com, Adventure Holidays.com, WallpaperFlare  free image library. 
## Acknowledgements  
I have used some generic code from Bootstrap 4 website and then significantly modified to fit the wireframes and original ideas.
I have used Google Maps API documentation and tutorials in order to create Google Map.
I have used OpenWeather documentation and tutorials in ordet to create dynamic weather widget on my web-site.
I have used media querie from Stack Overflow tutorial [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/media-queries). 
## Features  
The nav-bar and footer are used from Bootstrap with extra JavaScript for a toggle button in nav-bar. I have included back to top button also.
### Features left to implement
I would love to add more functionality regarding Google Maps API, Weather widget, better control and verification of correct use of contact us form.
## Deployment  
This site is hosted using GitHub pages, deployed directly from the master branch. Updates are automatic with new commits. In order to deploy correctly on GitHub pages, the landing page must be named index.html.
## Credits 
Credits to CodeInstitute for teaching me to do this cool stuff.
### Content
All content in fishing spots markers is taken from https://www.sea-angling-ireland.org/shore%20-%20kerry%20-%20ring.htm
also Google Maps API, OpenWeather API.
### Media
Some photos are taken from Unsplash.com, Fotolea.com, Adventureholidays.com, WallpaperFlare.com  free image library.
